# 2022_JAACAP_ABCD_SMA_pattern
Author: Kunru Song, PhD Student at Beijing Normal University

First Upload Date: 2022.10

Manuscript Accepted Update: 2023.3.23

Codes for the article "Youth Screen Media Activity Patterns and Associations with Behavioral Developmental Measures and Resting-state Brain Functional Connectivity".
DOI: 10.1016/j.jaac.2023.02.014

According to the ABCD Data Use of Certification (DUC), we cannot make some of the intermeidate data public. If any one want to use the ABCD data or replicate findings in this manuscript, it would be better to apply the ABCD data through the NIMH Data Archive (NDA) with the DUC signed by yourself/your institution.

For more details about the analyses in this manuscript, please see the supplemental materials.

This article now has been accepted by _Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry_. If you would like to use any codes in this repository, please cite
*Kunru Song, Jia-Lin Zhang, Nan Zhou, Yu Fu, Bowen Zou, Lin-Xuan Xu, Ziliang Wang, Xin Li, Yihong Zhao, Marc Potenza, Xiaoyi Fang, Jin-Tao Zhang,
Youth Screen Media Activity Patterns and Associations With Behavioral Developmental Measures and Resting-state Brain Functional Connectivity,
Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry,2023,https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jaac.2023.02.014.
(https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0890856723001326)* 
Preprint Version Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=4141354 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.4141354

### Res_1_Logs
TXT-format analysis log files (auto-generated by MATLAB codes). These log files recorded some useful information to check the correctness of this analysis pipeline.
### Res_2_Results
Analyses results from MATLAB and R. This folder contains all results reported in this manuscript. Some additional results may only be summarised into one sentence in manuscript while full results could be found in this folder. For example, full results from unweighted LME modelling could be found in 'Table_UnweightedLME_behav.xlsx' and 'Table_UnweightedLME_RSFNC.xlsx'. We have done this supplemental analysis according to reviewer's comments while it is too long to be included in this manuscript.
### Res_3_IntermediateData
Intermediate data from the raw ABCD V4.0 release tabulated data. These intermediate data were generated by clustering analysis and statistical analyses, most of which have been visualized in this manuscript and supplemental material. The raw data in these figures could be found in the 'Res_3_IntermediateData' folder. Some intermediate data contain the individual-level ABCD V4.0 Tabulated Data, which are not allowed to be shared according to the ABCD DUC. We really regret for such situation while we think these public codes would be sufficient to reproduce findings in this manuscript.
### Step_1_ClusterAnalysis
Codes to perform cluster analysis (unsupervised machine learning analysis) in this manuscript
K-means clustering and hierarchical clustering were performed by MATLAB (Statistical and Machine Learning Toolbox). Latent profile analysis was performed by R (tidyLPA R package). This folder also included the sensitivity analysis about the reliability and stability of the identified SMA patterns, which includes subsample clustering, reassignment analysis, cluster evaluation index analysis and so on.
### Step_2_CrossSectional
Cross-sectional analysis for ABCD baseline wave data, which mainly included the cross-sectional three-level linear-mixed-effect (LME) modeling. The demographic table (table 1) were generated by codes in this folder.
### Step_3_Longitudinal
Longitudinal analysis for ABCD baseline, 1-year follow-up, and 2-year follow-up wave. Implemented by three-level conditional growth LME model. For more details about these LME models (cross-sectional and longitudinal), please refer to our manuscript.
### Step_4_Visualization
Codes generate all figures in this manuscript and supplemental materials.
### subfunctions
All subfunctions supporting these analyses. If you want to run any code in above mentioned folders, please _add path_ this folder (subfunctions) to your MATLAB environment path before you run any scripts.
### Notes:
Some MATLAB and R codes require MATLAB toolbox and R packages. If you cannot run some scripts, please take care of this issue. Make sure you have installed all required MATLAB Toolboxes and R packages.
